Agents of Good=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing one of nature's allies to come to the rescue. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, one beast or fey creature of challenge rating 1/2 or lower will appear in unoccupied spaces that you can see within 60 feet. A summoned creature disappears when it drops to 0 Hit Points or when the transformation ends. The summoned creature is friendly to you and your companions. Roll Initiative for the summoned creature, which has its own turns. It obeys any verbal commands that you issue to it (no action required by you). If you don't issue any commands to it, it defends itself from hostile creatures, but otherwise takes no Actions. The DM has the creature's statistics. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Celestial Resistance=You have resistance to necrotic damage and radiant damage.
Darkvision=Blessed with a radiant soul, your vision can easily cut through darkness. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
Diplomatic Influence=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing your inspiring muse to smile upon you. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, if you use your action to play a musical instrument, you can make a Charisma check, adding your proficiency bonus to the roll if you're proficient with the instrument you're playing, contested by a Wisdom (Insight) check made by every creature of your choice in 30 feet that can hear you. You can target a maximum number of creature equal to your Charisma modifier. On a failed contested check, the creature is paralyzed until the end of its next turn. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Fiery Sorcery=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing fire to erupt from your eyes and hair. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you shed bright light in a 10-foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet, and you add your Intelligence modifier to any fire damage you deal with spells you cast. Also once before your transformation ends, you can cast the Pyrotechnics spell without expending a spell slot. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Good Influence=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing your words and action to gain extra authoritativeness. The instant you transform, other creatures within 60 feet of you that can see you or hear you must succeed on a Charisma saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier) or become charmed by you until the end of your transformation. You can target a maximum number of creatures equal to your Charisma modifier. If you or your allies attack the creatures charmed in this way, they can repeat the saving throw, ending the effects on themselves on a success. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Healing Hands=As an action, you can touch a creature and cause it to regain a number of hit points equal to your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Necrotic Shroud=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing your eyes to turn into pools of darkness and two skeletal, ghostly, flightless wings to sprout from your back. The instant you transform, other creatures within 10 feet of you that can see you must each succeed on a Charisma saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier) or become frightened of you until the end of your next turn. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, once on each of your turns, you can deal extra necrotic damage to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra necrotic damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Radiant Consumption=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing a searing light to radiate from you, pour out of your eyes and mouth, and threaten to char you.Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you shed bright light in a 10-foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet, and at the end of each of your turns, you and each creature within 10 feet of you take radiant damage equal to half your level (rounded up). In addition, once on each of your turns, you can deal extra radiant damage to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra radiant damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Radiant Soul=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing your eyes to glimmer and two luminous, incorporeal wings to sprout from your back. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you have a flying speed of 30 feet, and once on each of your turns, you can deal extra radiant damage to one target when you deal damage to it with an attack or a spell. The extra radiant damage equals your level. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Radiant Virtue=Starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing the righteous energy of your kin to imbue your attacks. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, whenever you make a weapon attack against a creature of evil alignment, you add one of the weapon's dice to the attack's damage. This additional damage is radiant damage. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Toxophilite=At 3rd level, you grow a pair of wings that give you a flying speed of 40 feet. Also starting at 3rd level, you can use your action to unleash the divine energy within yourself, causing your air combat to become even more deadly. Your transformation lasts for 1 minute or until you end it as a bonus action. During it, you gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls you make with ranged weapons, attacking at long range doesn't impose disadvantage on your ranged weapon attack rolls, and your ranged weapons ignore half cover and three-quarters cover. Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.